a famous explorer once said the
extraordinary and what we do not who we
are
hey gamers welcome at his growing games
my name is exoneree and i'm here to show
you how to get the unlock get over here
and to do that you basically have to
pull five enemies off of edges or ledges
if you will and you're gonna get the
rope arrow and during the campaign right
after the sequence where you call for
help using the radio tower there's gonna
be a plane that crashes gonna end up
sliding down this long hill and then you
gonna have this running sequence through
this village that seems to be crumbling
beneath your feet and you're gonna
eventually make it to base camp and then
as soon as you finish base camp
you're gonna go up this little like
staircase area and there's gonna be some
guys that are shooting you and stuff and
it's going to give you access to the
rope area automatically and then what
you have to do is you have to basically
aim at them but instead of hitting the
the normal button to fire your arrow
you're gonna be hitting RB and that's
gonna basically cause you to shoot your
arrow with the rope attached to the end
of it and what you have to do is you
have to shoot the actual person and then
pull them off the edge it's actually not
that hard to get you can actually start
getting some kills right in that area
where you get the rope arrow for the
first time but one thing that I'm
finding is that if you can get the
shantytown which is later on in the
campaign this is right after you get the
medical supplies from the chopper you
come through it's the second part of
shantytown so there's actually like two
parts to shantytown if you can get to
the second part of shantytown then you
can there's actually a spot where
they're throwing like TNT out y'all show
that on the screen right now and there's
tons of enemies I mean like waves of
enemies you only got to get five and the
good thing about this section is that if
you die then it'll just restart you
there automatically so you can just keep
trying to over and over and over again
until you get your five kills but that's
pretty much it it's actually not that
harder than achievement to get or a
trophy to get once you kind of know
what's going on okay so there it is get
over here and hopefully you guys enjoy
the video remember and the left-hand
side of your screen there's a panel that
says interactive hub you can click on
that it'll take you to a master video of
mine with all the links and I'm gonna be
doing for all the videos for Tomb Raider
if you need any more help and I guess
I'll see you guys in the next video you
guys
we all seemed lost
I found a truth and I knew what I must
become